>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
use any of the tools and
techniques you just learned and
create a palette of five colors.
Then create five grays and blacks.
Then apply that to your last composition.
So when I say apply that
to your last composition,
you don't have to put it everywhere,
right?
You don't have to like stick it
everywhere because probably somewhere
in that composition is a photo.
Somewhere in that
composition is some text.
But if you see little places
where you can add accents,
take one of your primary colors and
apply it there.
All right, if you see a little
place that has accents.
If you don't have a place to add
accents of different colors, add them.
Cool, sound great?
Okay.